[Music]
Hello how are you my loves How are you
I hope you're having a
wonderful and great day I'm here
recording some things so you
have them when you wake up so you can see
uh how I remember you so that
the content doesn't go missing when I'm here in
the morning with the muffin dipping
the coffee and you're listening to me
no and to all these people who leave for
work early to have the
fresh news there so you don't
miss anything of course not to
miss anything what you have to do is
subscribe there are a lot of people who
listen to us every day and they still
aren't subscribed and it's something that
surprises me But anyway I invite you all to
subscribe it's
free here's the button And also
what I'm going to show you today is
wonderful I mean really you're going to be
really pleased when you see this
video okay you're going to be super
pleased It all begins with
this tweet from Rosario Mohedano that as I've
already explained in another video
previous well she's been doing
a lot of attacks in the last few hours these are things that
her cousin is causing with the programs she
's doing and the production company she's
working with and well people don't
have much criteria and they don't really understand
things in this video I'm going to
show you how closed information
can get to people okay it can get to people
and people stick to the part
they like the most and even if you put
the complete information in their face if they're not
interested they reject it okay Not
everyone is like that of course I think that the
majority of society the majority of
people
are rather short okay I see it in
many things I see it in that I see it in that
programs from the television factory continue to have an
audience I see it in many
things in society I see it reflected
okay that's why the beautiful community that
we're forming here is giving me
a breath of hope not really
the video that Rosario publishes Well let's
put it on because my dear Federico who
you know that I love
Well
then I didn't come But how are you going to go if you
were coming
exclusively five years ago You have told
a story and now suddenly you
slides
the other pasta
very good point that Isabel had not seen
this click
Yes yes completely true
but to become corrupt you need someone to
pay you to hire your services
and have you on their payroll and for 9
years they have had this criminal activity
to get content so
tremendous eh tremendous what you are
saying eh
Of course that's it and to the other I invite you a
sandwich and to the other so that you do not
accuse me I mean already Well, the issue of the
agreements what is coming so that
there are celebrities who do not testify against
them In the light operation it is a
fact but let's go very clear and proven
that there are people who were on the list and
suddenly they have been offered a
light they have been offered a program they have been
offered a reality show and suddenly they
no longer appear Because why not if I am
more interested in the money that I can get
here or there no anyway everyone
can do what they want but look at you
no here appears a carrasquita also
with her retweet with her like no that there are
people who agree with what
is being said an account created
exclusively for Rocio Carrasco okay
fan of the Rocio
Carrasco documentary with the avatar of the
Rocio Carrasco doll with the Rosa suit This is
my new account a vacation away
without entering here and I come back and when I come back It
is impossible for me to enter again I support
Rocio always they do
not know how to write my poor thing no
but she says the following you are so
[ __ ] here we already see that she
always uses the typical way that the
fusios use not always a very assertive way you
are so [ __ ] that you publish and you
put yourself next to the journalist with the most
lost lawsuits for the same thing that you
try to defend you are missing a
boil girl Look at what gives
credibility Well before going to see
the lawsuits that this lady says okay
Oh lord because his name is José Antonio
then it could be José Antonio or José
Antonio we will see no but she puts herself
next to the journalist with the most
lost lawsuits for the same thing that you try to
defend since when Federico since
when Federico is condemned for having
a policeman pass the
Private information of celebrities for him to create
content what the hell is she saying This
person really often
talks to  CD is a waste of time
what the hell is this person saying are
you going to forgive me? By the expression it is that you
already know that on this channel I like to
have a different language but come on what is he
saying
but let's see he talks about sentences we talk about
the TV factory and Telecinco no
that Federico has been sentenced
let's see the sentences here a
sentence of 3000 euros for calling the
judge Carlos Fanlo a terrorist
Federico Jiménez sentences 3000 euros for
calling Carlos Fanlo a terrorist here it is not
a sentence it is that they admit for
processing a complaint for a hate crime
against Federico
here it
is not even a sentence either okay they are
supposed to admit for processing a
complaint from Ávalos against Federico okay
and here a sentence to Federico to pay
3,000 euros to Irene Montero for
insulting her okay it turns out that
precisely this case the Montero money
I knew well okay because I know
this type of lawsuits well I usually read them
to find out how they go and so on no and it
turns out that in the first instance they
sentence Federico to  3000 euros and all
the progressive media, the plural public. It's the one
from facua sharing it. Well, they
gave the news of the first
instance but then they didn't give the
news of the appeal in the
provincial court or the appeal of the Supreme Court
because Federico won. Okay,
then I'll answer him here and I
say, this is how you are the ones who eat all
of Rocío Carrasco and the
lie factory. Or they treat you as you deserve, they
literally treat him like a fool
because that's how they are, okay, in other words, they treat him like
what they are, that's why they deceive them, that's why they
give him the information blinded so that they
repeat whatever they want. No. It
turns out that I start looking at
the four screenshots
that he posted here case by case and all four turn out to be
victories for
Federico. The Supreme Court absorbs the saints
from the lawsuit for ensuring that a judge
wanted his death. There is the one about the 3,000
euros for calling a terrorist I don't know who.
The provincial court of Madrid
closes the complaint by a freedman
against Federico Jiménez Losantos. This is
the hate crime is worth filed
new judicial victory for Federico
the judge files the complaint
filed by Avalos And finally the Irene
Montero which well the
provincial court also wins but I have taken the
Supreme Court the Supreme Court rejects that
Jimenez Losantos and
Irene Montero has to pay him the costs and you know what my
aunt tells me she sends me to Wikipedia and I
take almost the strongest I get into
Wikipedia and yes it is true that they give you
the news you win also you go to
Wikipedia and they tell you
about these cases Okay but they don't tell you the
complete thing or rather a trial you Imagine
that Antonio David now in the first instance
had lost the trial but
then he wins Okay when he appeals
Then the final result is the one that
works Diego Arrabal first lost the
death thing about Mariló Montero no and After
how many months it turns out that he won then the one
that is worth Which is the one that wins the
last one Whichever is the last one is the one that
wins but well that's how these people are you
slip them whatever closed information you
want and if you tell them that  Antonio
David is an abuser and the judges are
not such because they have not looked at all the
papers that another slider has to do
there on the table because they
believe it is like when they laugh at the
folders in Antonio David's filing cabinets
they are fools My poor
family A big hug and see you
in the next video
[Music]